# Capstone 3: National Park Website
Third capstone project at Tech Elevator coding bootcamp. 
A website using MVC principles to make a simple website containing information about national parks.

## Overview
Like the previous two projects, I had a partner who shall currently remain nameless.
It was the capstone to the third module, which focused on backend web development and principles of the MVC model of web design.
Additionally we learned about the Razor system of dynamic HTML and CSS. This was our first project which had a non-command line interface.

## How it works
This project represent the capstone of server-side programming, so everything happens on the backend. At this point we had not yet learned anything about Javascript, so there is no dynamic behavior on any page.

The home page of the site shows all the parks in our database, and each park also has a link taking the user to a page with more information about that park, including a weather forecast and warnings about potentially severe weather.
This is all handled on the server, where it accesses the database to acquire all this information including the forecast.
The forecast is actually hardcoded in the database, rather than a true forecast for that park. This is because we had not yet learned how to gather this kind of information using an API.

The forecast pages allow the user to see the temperatures in fahrenheit or celsius. To change the setting, the user needs to go to a separate page. Their selection is stored in session information and read from the user's session cookies while the forecast page is generated by the server.

Finally, there is a page where the user can vote for their favorite park. It also asks for other information about the user. If the form is complete, it updates the database and then redirects the user to a page where they can see which parks are most popular with site users.

## Future plans
This was the first capstone project we made that actually felt like a usable website. It also had the fewest issues that I feel need to be addressed after the fact.

As of 23 August 2019, this project is still in the form that was turned in. As with the others, this project will be preserved as a separate legacy branch if I ever make additional changes in the future.
